## Day [1] - Meeting Summary
The Chair for this meeting was **Taha Kashaf**
Meeting started at 11:35AM

### Members Present:
Taha, Christy, Craig, Jesse, Euan, Elliot

### Members Not Present:
William

### Apologies:


### Summary of Conversation:
 - Had an in-depth discussion about the first meeting with the Client, went over everyones induvidual feedback to the meeting.
 - Added additional user stories based on further features requested by the client.
 - Filled out project backlog for tasks needed to be completed during this sprint.
 - Discussed further questions that needed clarification during our meeting with management.

---
## Day [2] - Meeting Summary
The Chair for this meeting was **Taha Kashaf**
Meeting started at 9:05AM

### Members Present:
Taha, Christy, Craig, Jesse, Euan, Elliot

### Members Not Present:
William

### Apologies:


### Summary of Conversation:

Quick meeting to discuss previous days work

 - Christy: Graph clean up and 3js accesbilitiy issues
 - Jesse: Graph clean up and 3js accesbilitiy issues
 - Craig: fixing database
 - Elliot: Fix html dashboard
 - Euan: Fix html and new pages
 - Griffin: Continued work on report/Agile procedures/Git

Discussed future plans about marking schemes, how we're meeting the marking scheme, and any clarifications we have for the Management meeting on Wednesday.
Team was overall unfortuantly quite busy with other stuff so total progress today will be slighlty lower - also have one team member feeling ill.

---
## Day [3] - Meeting Summary
The Chair for this meeting was **Taha Kashaf**
Meeting started at 9:05AM

### Members Present:
Taha, Christy, Craig, Jesse, Euan, Elliot

### Members Not Present:
William

### Apologies:


### Summary of Conversation:
Very short meeting due to a Management meeting starting at 10AM, most of the team seemed content with how we we're moving, major focus for today was discussed.

 - Emphasis on cleaning up and refining the current codebase, it had gotten out of hand with multiple people working while not maintaing an established schema for naming etc.
 - Jesse and Christy continued work on Visualization
 - Griffin, Craig & Euan focussed on cleaning up and refactoring the code, as well as handling the resulting merge conflicts and cleaning up the Git
 - Elliot continued work on the dashboard. However, to maintain uniformity it was committed to the Repo and then worked on together with Euan & Craig, as plans for the Dashboard had expanded.
 - Decided on meeting on Thursday Morning at 11AM @The Tinsmith to go over the Marking Scheme together.
 - Decided on a few short questions for Griffin to ask during the management meeting.
---
## Day [4] - Meeting Summary
The Chair for this meeting was **Taha Kashaf**
Meeting started at 11:00AM

### Members Present:
Taha, Craig, Jesse, Euan, Elliot, Christy

### Members Not Present:
William

### Apologies:


### Summary of Conversation:
Had an in-depth meeting on the marking scheme and decided on what was missing and our next steps. Most of the team seemed content with how we're moving.

 - Went over the marking scheme to discuss what we had left.
 - Looked at what long term goals for the app.
 - Did some additional research on applications similar to the app.
 - Planning to make some additional/Update wireframes for the new iterations.
 - Start to continue with work when we get home. 

---

## Day [5] - Meeting Summary
The Chair for this meeting was **Taha Kashaf**


### Members Present:
Taha, Craig, Jesse, Euan, Elliot, Christy

### Members Not Present:
William

### Apologies:


### Summary of Conversation:

We did some work yesterday related to the in-person meeting we had. Today we'll continue with the we planned.

 - Christy: Working on 3d visualization for snapping camera. May have issues move to correct vectors
 - Craig: More work on PHP dashboard fixing minor and some major bugs
 - Elliot: Start up with a plan on the progressive web app and what changes will need to be made for the future
 - Euan: Work with craig on the dashboard with the comment section
 - Griff: Fix invite bug with GUID and should be completed overall.
 - Jesse: Fix invite bug with GUID and should be completed overall.


---
